tens of thousands of people gathered
outside mosques in Muslim majority
countries this crowd rallied in Baghdad
in support of Palestinians answering a
call for a Million Man March by
influential Iraqi political leader mad
sadra no to America no to Israel
Palestine is done homes were destroyed
over the heads of the children where are
the Arabs those who are jealous and care
about Humanity the Israelis are killing
the children with their Rockets are you
Arabs about
this there are random killings of our
people in Palestine we call for all
countries the UN Security Council and
the Arab countries to take a United
decision and deliver Aid to our people
in Palestine lift the blockade and put
an end to the random killings of the
civilians who should be safe in their
cities immediately after Friday prayers
in the Jordanian Capital Lan people
began protesting against the Israeli air
strikes on civilians in
Gaza there were similar scenes in Yemen
where the houti leadership has warned
Israel to stop the
Bloodshed streets echoed with chance of
solidarity with Palestinians as
thousands of Iranians marched in the
capital
tan the recent violence seems to have
fanned anti-israel and anti-American
sentiment
here and visible anger in Qatar as well
after special prayers for the victims of
Israeli attacks people have been
gathering in the their hundreds against
what they call Israeli brutalities
against the Palestinian people uh they
say that Israel is carrying out a clear
violation of Human Rights and the rights
of the Palestinian and across the word
there seems to be anger blowing over
especially after Friday prayers where
thousands of people have been gathering
in MOS and there have been special
prayers which have been said for
thean security forces in Jordan fire
tear gas to disperse protest who tried
to approach the Israeli
border crowds also gathered in bahin
Pakistan Afghanistan and other Muslim
majority Nations demanding their
governments do more demonstrations of
public anger are likely to continue for
as long as Israel keeps up the bombing
of
Gaza